[MUSIC]
>> Jon Kuperman: So next up I wanted to
talk about the most common things that
you'll see from all those different
network problems that can possibly happen
but first I think we have
a couple of questions.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah so
on from Kidar we have,
do people use both Chrome stable and
Canary at the same time?
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah, so that's kinda
up to you like you can go either way
Canaries cool because it
has some extra tools and
some better like the more modern stuff for
a Dev tools.
But Canary is also very beta in the sense
that like it may well just crash on you or
like some of the stuff is really
experimental so I like to use Canary for
everything and
deal with it when it crashes.
You can also just use stable for
everything and just wait on new
stuff to come, or you can use both.
Definitely an opinion thing, so.
Okay, cool, and
then I had two on Twitter which where
from stuff we had talked about before.
One was how you would go about things like
lazy loading which I had kind of mentioned
before, only loading stuff that's
in the viewport basically.
And so the whole idea with
lazy loading would just be
that like I kind of mentioned it.
Like, so if you have all these images and
you don't want to load all of them, you
would instead of putting a source on them,
if you have a source,
the browser's going to fetch him.
You could put a data attribute
on it with the source URL.
Then you can do some JavaScript so
you can get the view port with get
client bounding wrecked or whatever.
There's an API call for the view port and
you can like say that anything
that's out of that you can add it.
You can take use the JavaScript to take
the data attribute and append a source so
basically it's like this trick that you
do where you don't load things until they
come into view and then the other one was
just about like critical rendering path.
In CSS, and I think it's just like,
that's a term just used for like,
what stuff is like the critical rendering
that is like what's necessary for
your app to start functioning.
Because there is a lot of stuff
like the HTML might be there but
until the synchronous JavaScript loads,
you won't be able to necessarily
click around and do stuff.
So it's like basically like a lot of it is
kind of what I was talking about before,
or just like making sure that it's usually
common practice to have one CSS and
one JavaScript file.
But in certain situations you
might wanna have like the CSS and
JavaScript that you absolutely
need to render your page and
then a separate big file that has like all
the other stuff you might need eventually.
So your page renders really quick and
then, so the most common
networking issues that you'll see are the
queued slash stalled either side of that.
Again with HTTP 1 like we talked about
Chrome can only handle six synchronous
requests, so if you have more than that
they're gonna be stalled or queued.
So do what you can to get it down to six,
and I think,
I'm pretty sure all the browsers have
slightly different numbers of synchronous
requests but I'd say like the five and
six range is a really good number for
initial load if you can.
Obviously, images throw that off,
but they're also a lower priority.
So yep and then slow time to first byte,
which can be one of two things.
One is you could be on
a bad network connection,
like taking a long time and
the other one is a slow server.
So if you can check your network
connection just to see if it's slow
everywhere and
figure out if it's that or not and
if it's not then you wanna kind of toss
the ticket onto the back end team and
say okay I've got a really slow time
to first byte all of my CSS assets.
Like can we cache these
put them on a CDN and
can we speed anything
up that kind of stuff.
No longer your job is front and
developers not
that anybody gets to be just a front and
developer anymore but there we have it.
Another thing you can do which is really
useful is there's a network simulator.
So I'm hover back over to Dev tools and
open them up
on the network tab I'm actually gonna go
ahead and pin this down to the bottom.
And so
it over here this throttling concept.
So the traveling concept is to
simulate different traffic conditions
all way from offline to
like really really slow.
I like to load sites at
regular 3G just to kind of
remind yourselves of what
It's going to really be.
I mean we just get so
used to you I live in California, places
you have high speed Internet everywhere.
You have 4G LTE service, you have a phone
that was made in the last five years.
Everything is really powerful.
And so you rebuild sites that way
like we are on our MacBook Pros.
Like a T1 line or whatever and we're
building websites, and we're forgetting
how many people use the web, and
how different the conditions can be.
So try like throttling to regular 3G and
then refreshing your pages and
seeing how long they take to load now.
And then remember to stop the throttling.
I have one time file I took it
at Twitter over a page taking
over the threshold to load and then
realize that I had a regular 4G on, so
it wasn't a real noticeable amount
of throttling, but it was somewhat.
So yeah remember to turn it back to no
throttling when you want to go fast
on the web again.
But again, this also only is in
play when Dev tools are open.
So throttling won't actually
mess up your regular sessions.
So that's pretty cool and I really
recommend put on good 3G and do a refresh
of your one your biggest pages and
see what that experience is like.
I mean it's could even be if
you're at a coffee shop or
crappy college WiFi something like
that and that's the real customers,
local customers that are struggling
to get your page to load.